Our table is being created.
Once it's created, we're going to add some data to our table,
and I'll just show you how flexible our table is.
So we go to Items,
so we're going to create an item in you deci location.
So my idea for this is let's just find out where everyone is.
Chicago, I'm going to add another string name, that's me,
and another string,
and we're going to say my role is architect.
But since it's a NoSQL database,
we can also just add some random information as well.
So let's just say color,
my favorite color is green and food, ice cream.
Let's go ahead and save that. Look at that.
Let's create another item based on some of this information, but not all of it.
So let's create another item.
So this location is going to be Omaha,
another string.
Nickname is Bert.
Sport, volleyball,
but also food, beans.
So you see this is how unstructured data would look in a table.
So even though we've got a couple of individuals,
we've got all the information for me except my nickname or my sport,
those are still blank,
and then we've got another user.
We don't know what the name of that person is,
but we do know that they like beans,
there in Omaha, and that he liked to be called Bert.
So what we can do is we can search.
Let's add a filter here where name is a string and it
contains L. There we go, that's me.
So while we're in here,
let's take a look at metrics.
These dashboards are provided by default by AWS.
We're going to show read capacity which is pretty low.
We're still 0.02, so we're good on that.
Capacity is coming in pretty low as well.
Of course, we only have two items in our tables,
so that's to be expected.
Alarms. Both of them are in OK State,
and these are defaults.
Again, if you'd like to change your capacity,
your provision capacity, you can do it here,
but I do recommend that we leave auto-scaling off for now until you are certain,
and you have the budget for an auto scale that
could expand possibly beyond your expectations.
All right. Thanks for watching.